Minor updates to access review beta to expose top-level decisions navigation route (#15036)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/accessreviewinstancedecisionitemserviceprincipalresource.md

---

> title: "accessreviewinstancedecisionitemserviceprincipalresource resource type"

Reviewer: Same case as in the schema
```suggestion
title: "accessReviewInstanceDecisionItemServicePrincipalResource resource type"
```

description: "Every decision item in an access review represents a principal's access to a resource. accessreviewinstancedecisionitemserviceprincipalresource represents that the decision item represents an application id."
author: "isabelleatmsft"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "governance"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

> # accessreviewinstancedecisionitemserviceprincipalresource resource type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# accessReviewInstanceDecisionItemServicePrincipalResource resource type
```

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]
[!INCLUDE [accessreviews-disclaimer-v2](../../includes/accessreviews-disclaimer-v2.md)]

> Every decision item in an access review represents a principal's access to a resource. All accessreviewinstancedecisionitemserviceprincipalresource objects represent assignment to service principals. accessreviewinstancedecisionitemserviceprincipalresource is an open type that allows for other properties to be passed in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents assignment to service principals. accessReviewInstanceDecisionItemServicePrincipalResource is an open type that allows for other properties to be passed in.

Inherits from [accessReviewInstanceDecisionItemResource](accessreviewinstancedecisionItemresource.md).
```

## Properties
|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|

> |displayName|String|Display name of the resource|
> |id|String|Resource ID|
> |type|String|Type of resource. Types include: `Group`, `ServicePrincipal`, `DirectoryRole`, `AzureRole`, `AccessPackageAssignmentPolicy`.|
> |appId|String| Application Id |

Reviewer: Reorder properties to alphabetical order
Other changes same as in previously reviewed files
```suggestion
| appId | String | The globally unique identifier of the application to which access has been granted. |
| displayName | String | Display name of the resource. Inherited from [accessReviewInstanceDecisionItemResource](accessreviewinstancedecisionItemresource.md).|
| id | String | Identifier of the decision item resource. Inherited from [accessReviewInstanceDecisionItemResource](accessreviewinstancedecisionItemresource.md). |
| type | String | Type of resource. Types include: `Group`, `ServicePrincipal`, `DirectoryRole`, `AzureRole`, `AccessPackageAssignmentPolicy`.  Inherited from [accessReviewInstanceDecisionItemResource](accessreviewinstancedecisionItemresource.md). |
```

## Relationships
None.

## JSON representation
The following is a JSON representation of the resource.
<!-- {

>   "blockType": "resource",
>   "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.accessreviewinstancedecisionitemserviceprincipalresource",
>   "openType": true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "blockType": "resource",
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.accessreviewinstancedecisionitemserviceprincipalresource",
  "baseType": "microsoft.graph.accessReviewInstanceDecisionItemResource",
  "openType": true
```

---
title: "accessReviewInstanceDecisionItemServicePrincipalResource resource type"

> description: "Represents assignment to service principals. "

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Represents service principals to which access has been granted through an accessReviewInstanceDecisionItem object."
```

author: "isabelleatmsft"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "governance"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# accessReviewInstanceDecisionItemServicePrincipalResource resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]
[!INCLUDE [accessreviews-disclaimer-v2](../../includes/accessreviews-disclaimer-v2.md)]

> Represents assignment to service principals. accessReviewInstanceDecisionItemServicePrincipalResource is an open type that allows for other properties to be passed in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This resource represents service principals to which access has been granted through an [accessReviewInstanceDecisionItem]((https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/accessreviewinstancedecisionitem?view=graph-rest-beta) object. **accessReviewInstanceDecisionItemServicePrincipalResource** is an open type that allows for other properties to be passed in.
```

Inherits from [accessReviewInstanceDecisionItemResource](accessreviewinstancedecisionItemresource.md).

## Properties
|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
| appId | String | The globally unique identifier of the application to which access has been granted. |
| displayName | String | Display name of the resource. Inherited from [accessReviewInstanceDecisionItemResource](accessreviewinstancedecisionItemresource.md).|
| id | String | Identifier of the decision item resource. Inherited from [accessReviewInstanceDecisionItemResource](accessreviewinstancedecisionItemresource.md). |

> | type | String | Type of resource. Types include: `Group`, `ServicePrincipal`, `DirectoryRole`, `AzureRole`, `AccessPackageAssignmentPolicy`.  Inherited from [accessReviewInstanceDecisionItemResource](accessreviewinstancedecisionItemresource.md). |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| type | String | Type of resource. Type will always be `ServicePrincipal`.  Inherited from [accessReviewInstanceDecisionItemResource](accessreviewinstancedecisionItemresource.md). |
```
